article-image_segmentation_1/README.md, before:

# Image Segmentation (Part 1)

## Article Summary

Image segmentation is a fundamental problem in the field of computer vision, aiming to divide a picture into coherent and meaningful regions. The article mainly concentrates on traditional image segmentation techniques, such as thresholding, edge-based segmentation, region-based segmentation, and clustering. It highlights the use of Python, OpenCV, and scikit-image libraries to implement and showcase these methods for efficient image processing and analysis.

## Getting Started

Follow these steps to get started with the project:

1. **Install Requirements**: Install the required packages by executing the following command:

   ```sh
   pip install opencv-python scikit-image scipy numpy matplotlib
   ```

2. **Run the Jupyter Notebook in your code editor**: Run the `main.ipynb` file in your code editor to see the examples in action.

## Source Code Explanation

The code in this folder provides basic examples of traditional image segmentation techniques. Let's break down the key components:

- `src/main.ipynb`: This file contains the examples provided for the article.

- `src/images/`: This folder contains the images used to demonstrate the segmentation methods.

Commit message:

feat: add requirements file for image segmentation (part 1)

article-image_segmentation_1/README.md, after:

# Image Segmentation (Part 1)

## Article Summary

Image segmentation is a fundamental problem in the field of computer vision, aiming to divide a picture into coherent and meaningful regions. The article mainly concentrates on traditional image segmentation techniques, such as thresholding, edge-based segmentation, region-based segmentation, and clustering. It highlights the use of Python, OpenCV, and scikit-image libraries to implement and showcase these methods for efficient image processing and analysis.

## Getting Started

For this project, we will be using Python 3.11.3. Follow these steps to get started:

1. **Install Requirements**: Install the required packages from the `requirements.txt` file using the following command:

   ```sh
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

2. **Run the Jupyter Notebook in your code editor**: Run the `main.ipynb` file in your code editor to see the examples in action.

## Source Code Explanation

The code in this folder provides basic examples of traditional image segmentation techniques. Let's break down the key components:

- `src/main.ipynb`: This file contains the examples provided for the article.

- `src/images/`: This folder contains the images used to demonstrate the segmentation methods.
